docs(tf-372): add middleware config switcher (#7415)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/guides/6.multistore/3.patterns/5.subpath/3.subpath-middleware.md

**What You'll Learn**

::list{type="success"}
- Understanding how `ConfigSwitcher` extension works within the middleware
- Setting up multiple configurations within a single store
- Implementing integration-specific configurations 
::

## Why Use Sub-Path Routing?

Sub-path routing allows you to create a more dynamic and flexible application that can adapt to different contexts based on the URL path. This approach can simplify your architecture by consolidating multiple configurations within a single store instance.

## Common Use Cases

1. **Multi-catalog stores**: Show different product catalogs based on URL paths
2. **Regional content variations**: Serve different content based on region-specific paths
3. **Brand-specific experiences**: Configure different brand experiences within the same store

## Core Concepts

### How ConfigSwitcher Works

> The `ConfigSwitcher` dynamically changes your middleware integration configuration based on the current request configuration ID sent with the `x-alokai-middleware-config-id` header. This means:

Author: We have another task and another docs to be written for handling storefront. This docs is focused on middleware itself.

::

### Step 2: Create a configuration object

Important: the keys of the `config` object will correspond to the configuration IDs that will be sent from the frontend. They must be consistent.

Example config object:

```ts
// /apps/storefront-middleware/integrations/sapcc/switcher.config.ts

export const config = {
  default: {},
  electronics: {}
}
```

Note that two keys have been placed here: `default` and `electronics`. Config object **must contain all** configuration keys that are used by a given store, even those you won't be changing. If you don't want to override some configuration, leave an empty object. Only make the changes you need, everything else will be inherited from the main configuration.

### Step 3: Apply overrides

Let's assume you want to change the product catalog for the configuration with ID `electronics`. To do it extend the given example with this change:

```ts
// /apps/storefront-middleware/integrations/sapcc/switcher.config.ts

export const config = {
  default: {},
  electronics: {},  // [!code --]
  // [!code ++:7]
  electronics: {
    api: {
      baseSiteId: 'electronics',
      catalogId: 'electronicsProductCatalog',
    },
  },
};
```

> Note that the overrides are made here within the api key. This is important because configurations are merged with the main configuration, so their structure must be the same. In the base configuration, these keys are also nested inside of the `api` object.

Author: Fair point :) i've updated it with 
```
`api` object.
```

### Step 4: Create `ConfigSwitcher` extension

Now let's create a `ConfigSwitcher` extension file.
Create a new file and name it `configSwitcher.ts`. Place it where the other extensions for the given integration are located. Continuing example with SAPCC, place it in the directory `/apps/storefront-middleware/integrations/sapcc/extensions`. 

Fill the newly created file with the content from the snippet below:

> ```ts

Author: Oh i missed one or two. Fixed

```ts
// /apps/storefront-middleware/integrations/<your-integration>/switcher.config.ts 

import type { Config } from './config';
```

Since each configuration option can be overridden, and the type may have some keys marked as required that you won't be overriding, you must override the type so that none of the keys are required. Use the `Partial` type for this. If you want to override only selected values for the `api` key in the configuration, you can do it in the way shown below:

```ts
// /apps/storefront-middleware/integrations/sapcc/config.switcher.ts

// [!code ++:10]
import type { Config } from './config';

type ConfigSwitcherItem = {
  api?: Partial<Config['api']>;
};

export type ConfigSwitcher = {
  [key: string]: Partial<ConfigSwitcherItem>;
};

export const config = { // [!code --]
export const config: ConfigSwitcher = { // [!code ++]
  default: {},
  electronics: {
    api: {
      baseSiteId: 'electronics',
      catalogId: 'electronicsProductCatalog',
    },
  },
};
```

> This way, you can override only selected parts of the `api` key, and TypeScript won't require you to provide all keys that are marked as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, you can override only selected parts of the configuration, and TypeScript won't require you to provide all keys that are marked as required.
```

Author: Changed.
